---
layout: post
title: "Humans versus Zombies"
date: 2018-09-02 16:23:00 +0300
language: fin
author: Viestintämestari
categories: kulttuuri
---
Humans vs Zombies Otaniemi 19.-23.9.

Welcome, stranger, to the mighty realms of Otaniemi, where the mortal races of dwarves, elves, orc and merfolk have traveled to provide a safe place for their peoples. The scouts tell of a land filled with promise, though they mention some nonsense of an unspeakable horror that lurks in the dark. But nevermind them, they surely just saw a bear and now cry wolf. We will be fine! Join one of the peoples and create a future in this land. Complete quests and gain glory! Also, don’t die. That would be extremely inconvenient for our cause.

Humans vs. Zombies is a moderated game of tag where zombie players try to spread the infection by tagging human players. Humans can in turn protect themselves by hiding, fleeing or fighting back (using socks or foam gun darts to "stun" zombies). Exciting missions and quests will be available every day. Since teamwork is often the best strategy, players are guaranteed to meet new people. HvZ is created for campuses like Otaniemi, so we couldn't have a better area for the game!

Participation is completely free of charge. The organizers will provide the game scarf and special items for you. All you have to do is sign up, show up and play.

More information and sign up: <https://lomake.ayy.fi/aava/hvz/>


***

Humans vs Zombies Otaniemi 19.-23.9.

Welcome, stranger, to the mighty realms of Otaniemi, where the mortal races of dwarves, elves, orc and merfolk have traveled to provide a safe place for their peoples. The scouts tell of a land filled with promise, though they mention some nonsense of an unspeakable horror that lurks in the dark. But nevermind them, they surely just saw a bear and now cry wolf. We will be fine! Join one of the peoples and create a future in this land. Complete quests and gain glory! Also, don’t die. That would be extremely inconvenient for our cause.

Ihmiset vastaan Zombit on moderoitu hippapeli, jossa zombi-pelaajat yrittävät levittää infektiota ottamalla ihmisiä kiinni. Ihmiset voivat puolustautua piiloutumalla, pakenemalla tai taistelemalla käyttäen sukkia tai nerf-pyssyjä zombeja vastaan. Pelin ohessa on erilaisia tehtäviä tekemässä pelistä mielenkiintoisempaa. HvZ on joukkuepeli, joten pelissä myös varmasti tutustuu uusiin ihmisiin. Peli on alunperin luotu Otaniemen kaltaisille kampuksille, joten pääsemme pelaamaan tätä peliä Suomen parhaimmassa paikassa!

Osallistuminen on täysin ilmaista. Pelissä tarvittavan huivin ja erityishärpäkkeet saa järjestäjiltä. Sinun tarvitsee vain ilmoittautua, tulla paikalle ja pelata.

Lisätietoa ja ilmoittautuminen: <https://lomake.ayy.fi/aava/hvz/>